Setup & Customization:

The client needs setup information that defines how to communicate with the MVS and library servers.
In addition, it needs information that enables it to run jobs on MVS. Each of the build pages use 
the setup information specified when the page is opened. If you open a new driver build and change
the setup information, your changes will not take effect until you close the driver build and open
a new one.

The first time you run the client, run it in GUI mode. A setup dialog where you can provide
the following information appears:
	Build/390 Server includes the following:
		Hostname - the IP address of the system running the Build390 server (snjeds3.sanjose.ibm.com)
		Port number - the port that the server is running on. There may be multiple servers running
			your system at different levels supporting different level clients, so ask your
			administrator for the port number that supports your client level.
		TSO user ID - The ID that jobs will run under. You are prompted for the password for the
			ID specified here whenever you run the client.
		TSO account information -  You can get this information from your TSO logon screen. 
			Check with your Build390 administrator for the correct format to use. 
			On SNJEDS3 in SanJose, enclose the data in parenthesis and delimit it with
			commas (e.g., bob,x12,050,w97).
	Family includes the following:
		family name - such as 'fam1'
		family address - such as 'fam1.sanjose.ibm.com'
		family port - such as '1220'
		user name - the user name that the library knows you as
                Config RMI port - the port number of the Build/390 config rmi port
		library installation path - The path to your CMVC or T/C executables
		library type - CMVC or T/C
	BPS Server includes the following:
		Hostname - The IP address of the system running the BPS server, such as bps17.raleigh.ibm.com
		BPS Port - The port that the BPS server is running on
		Release in Service - Any CMVC release name that is defined in PDT as being in service mode
		Service RMI port - The port that the Build/390 RMI server is running on, on the CMVC server.
	Help Viewer
		Defines how Help buttons are processed. Specify the path to your copy of Netscape 4.0.4
		or newer.
	Editor
		Defines how the client displays a file's contents. Make no selection to use the built-in
		Java viewer, or select Use Custom Editor and specify the full path to your favorite
		editor (recommended).
	Build/390 Update Server
		Provides a Web-based method for updating the Build/390 client. If your administrator
		has set up your site's server correctly, you can get updates based on your site/workgroup
		definition. To see the list of currently supported sites/workgroups, click the List
		supported sites/workgroups button. Ask your administrator which workgroup to select.
		To update your client once setup has been completed and saved, select Help|Get Local Updates
		from the client menu.

The information entered in the dialog is saved and used for communication with the MVS server and the
library server. These values can be overridden temporarily as described in the Command Line section.
To change the setup information again, start the GUI and select the 'Options' menu item and then select
the 'Setup' sub menu item. Whenever you change the setup information, test your connection to the MVS
and Library servers by selecting the Test Connection menu items on the setup dialog. To do the same
from the command line enter 'java Build390.MBClient nutsy.
